---
title: Items
---
graph 
high_velocity_mag ---> pristine_emblem
slowing_bullets ---> silencer
long_range ---> sharpshooter
headshot_booster ---> headhunter
close_quarters ---> point_blank
debuff_reducer ---> debuff_remover
spirit_armor ---> improved_spirit_armor
bullet_armor ---> improved_bullet_armor
sprint_boots ---> enduring_speed
extra_stamina ---> superior_stamina
extra_spirit ---> improved_spirit
mystic_reach ---> improved_reach
mystic_burst ---> improved_burst
suppressor ---> mystic_slow
mystic_vulnerability ---> escalating_exposure
extra_charge ---> rapid_recharge
improved_cooldown ---> superior_cooldown
healing_rite ---> healing_nova
duration_extender ---> superior_duration
melee_lifesteal ---> lifestrike
improved_spirit ---> boundless_spirit
basic_magazine ---> titanic_magazine
spirit_strike ---> hex_sealed_knuckles